# mini-project
ABOUT ME: My name is Sandip Kumar Satapathy Learning Full Stack Web Developement. I Love Photography and pencil Sketching. As this is a project using fundamentals of frontend develping i.e HTML and CSS I was searching for a project and I suddenly found google store website and finalize to clone that site.

ABOUT PROJECT: As I have mentioned above I love photography when I get this project I decided to make my own photography website to show others my web developer and photography skills at a time.

TOOLS USED: I. Visual Studio Code II. GitHub

LANGUAGES USED: I. HTML II. CSS III.JS (just to make it feel real optional)

BASIC KNOWLEDGE TO COMPLETE THIS PROJECT: I. HTML section II. HTML anchor tag on a single page and with some external links III.HTML division IV. HTML img(image) tag V. HTML Headings VI. HTML Paragraph VII.BootStrap Icons VIII.CSS Flex box IX. CSS Basics like margin, padding, etc. X. CSS box-shadow XI. CSS colors XII.Media queries XIII.JS onscroll function

PROCEDURE: I. first create a navigation bar with flexbox where we will have the google logo and some google icons like search, shoping cart and a question mark for help center and a profile image of user. II. create a division under navigatin bar that has heading of Wellcome to the google store with appropriate color and font-family. III. create a container with flexbox that will contain two inner division align side by side. The left division will have a heading of product types and two checkbox type input box with label phones and connected homes. IV. The right division we take as grid box that will contain all the product image and details. In this division we will take multiple divisions that will contain another division for product images and a paragraph that will contain product details. V. We need to add a style of hover on the images to make it grow big when hover on it by setting its width. VI. after this big outer division of product details and product types we have to take a division that will contain some anchor tags to links contains info about service availability country list, help center, contact details and device recycling. And make this div a flex box and use justify content property to through those links to the right side of the page. VII. At the end of the page we need to add a footer section that will conatain some icons of social media through which people can connect to the socialmedia handle of google. and some anchor tags that will contain details of from which country you are using it now, Privacy, Google Nest Commitment to Privacy, Sales Terms, Terms of Service. VIII. after done with this page use some media query for phones and tablets with some appropriate width size like 499px, 499-768px and 769 to 1024px to make this page looks good not only on desktop or laptop but also on all the devices.

Experience: As a big fan of google I always been following products and contents of google and this was a great opportunity to cloning google store as a fundamental project. It was a great experience working on this project.
